THAT IS THE FOCUS OF TONIGHT'S
"ANGLE" ."
WELL, THAT DIDN'T TAKE LONG.
THE DEMOCRATS' NEWEST AT GIRL OF
INCOME REDISTRIBUTION,
KAMALA HARRIS, IS ALREADY
TAKING BIG HEAT FROM LIBERAL
BIGWIGS.
WE'LL PLAY IT IN A MOMENT.
WHY ON EARTH WITH A PICK ON
SOMEONE AS BRILLIANT AND
ACCOMPLISHED AT SENATOR HARRIS?
WELL, PERHAPS BECAUSE SHE
DOESN'T UNDERSTAND BASIC
ECONOMICS.
>> YOU SUPPORT THE MEDICARE FOR
ALL BILL.
I THINK INITIALLY, I BELIEVE IT
WILL TOTALLY ELIMINATE PRIVATE
INSURANCE.
SO FOR PEOPLE OUT THERE WHO LIKE
THEIR INSURANCE, THEY DON'T GET
TO KEEP IT?
>> LISTEN, THE IDEA IS THAT
EVERYBODY GETS ACCESS TO MEDICAL
CARE.
YOU DON'T HAVE TO GO THROUGH THE
PROCESS OF GOING THROUGH AN
INSURANCE COMPANY, HAVING THEM
GIVE YOU APPROVAL, GOING THROUGH
THE PAPERWORK, ALL OF THE DELAY,
THEY REQUIRE -- TWO OF THOSE HAS
NOT HAD THAT SITUATION, WE HAVE
TO WAIT FOR THE APPROVAL AND THE
DOCTOR SAYS, I DON'T KNOW IF
YOUR INSURANCE COMPANY WILL
COVER THIS, LET'S ELIMINATE ALL
THAT.
>> Laura: WILL IT SOUND SO
SIMPLE.
LET'S MOVE ON.
WASN'T THAT MICHELLE OBAMA?
ANYWAY, THE COFFEE GUY IS NOW
SAYING, NOT SO FAST.
>> THAT'S NOT CORRECT.
THAT'S NOT AMERICAN.
WHAT'S NEXT?
WHAT IMAGERY INDUSTRY WILL WE AO
WHAT IMAGERY INDUSTRY WILL WE AI
WHAT IMAGERY INDUSTRY WILL WE AH
NEXT?
THAT ALONE WOULD WIPE OUT
MILLIONS OF DROPS OF AMERICANS
ARE MEANT AS A KIND OF EXTREME
POLICY THAT IS NOT A POLICY THAT
I AGREE WITH.
IF YOU TAKE IMMIGRATION, YOU
TAKE HEALTH CARE, WHAT WE HAVE
HIS EXTREMES ON BOTH SIDES, NOT
REPRESENTING THE LARGE MAJORITY
OF AMERICANS WHO DON'T HAVE A
VOICE.
>> Laura: NOW HE'S A
BUSINESSMAN AND HE CERTAINLY IS
NOT CONSERVATIVE.
BUT HE SEES THE WRITING OF THE
WALL HERE.
HE KNOWS THAT THE
DEMOCRATIC PARTY IS MOVING SO
FAR LEFT THAT IT'S LEAVING
AMERICA.
DEMOCRATS LIKE KAMALA HARRIS ARE
PROPOSING DISASTROUS SOCIALIST
SOLUTIONS TO THINGS LIKE HEALTH
INEQUALITY OR WEALTH INEQUALITY.
THOSE ARE KINDS OF CONCEPTS THAT
WERE ONCE LEFT TO LATE-NIGHT
SEMINARS IN COLLEGE.
FORGET THE $32 TRILLION COST FOR
THE 500,000 INSURANCE COMPANY
JOBS THAT WOULD BE LOST IN THE
SANDERS-HERON     WARREN-HARRISP
SANDERS-HERON     WARREN-HARRISA
SANDERS-HERON     WARREN-HARRIS.
FASTEST WAY TO SYNC MEDICARE IS
TO GIVE IT TO EVERYONE, NOT JUST
THE ELDERLY.
IT WILL SYNC MUCH FASTER, NOT
EVEN FIVE YEARS.
EVEN IF YOU TAX THE RICH TO
DEATH, YOU CAN'T PAY FOR
MEDICARE FOR ALL.
DOCTORS AND HOSPITALS WOULD BASE
PAY CUTS.
THEY ARE ALREADY FACING THEM
TODAY.
THAT MEANS MORE HOSPITALS
CLOSING, MORE DOCTORS RETIRING
ARE NOT GOING INTO THE
PROFESSION AT ALL, LONGER WAITS
FOR MORE SERIOUS PROCEDURES.
ULTIMATELY, THIS WILL LEAD, MY
FRIENDS, TO RATION CARE,
ACCORDING TO AGE, WEIGHT, AND,
YES, OTHER PRE-EXISTING HEALTH
PROBLEMS.
BUT DON'T WORRY.
BECAUSE WHEN YOU WAIT IN LINE
FOR THE PROCEDURE, AT LEAST
YOU'LL BE COMFORTED TO KNOW THAT
THE GOVERNMENT IS PURSUING
KAMALA'S GREEN ENERGY FANTASY.
>> I SUPPORT A GREEN NEW DEAL.
I WILL TELL YOU WHY.
CLIMATE CHANGE IS AN EXISTENTIAL
THREAT TO US AND WE HAVE TO DEAL
WITH THE REALITY OF IT.
WE HAVE TO DEAL WITH THE REALITY
OF THE FACT THAT THERE ARE
PEOPLE TRYING TO PEDDLE SOME
IDEA THAT WE SHOULD DENY IT AND
THEY ARE PEDDLING SCIENCE
FICTION INSTEAD OF WHAT WE
SHOULD DO, WHICH IS RELY ON
SCIENCE FACT.
>> Laura: SO WHAT DOES THE
GREEN NEW DEAL MEAN FOR YOU AND
YOUR FAMILY?
WELL, IT MEANS THE GOVERNMENT
WOULD REACH IN AND CONTROL,
MONITOR, AND TAX EVEN MORE
ASPECTS OF YOUR DAILY LIFE THAN
IT DOES NOW.
YOU LOVE YOUR CAR IS MUCH AS I
DO?
MINUS 19 YEARS OLD, I STILL LOVE
IT, TOO BAD.
THE GREEN PARTY'S GREEN NEW DEAL
CALLS FOR REPLACING NONESSENTIAL
INDIVIDUAL MEANS OF TRANSPORT
WITH HIGH QUALITY AND MODERN
MASS TRANSIT.
A GEEKY WAY OF INSTITUTING A BAN
ON CARS.
BUT WHO DECIDES WHETHER YOUR CAR
IS A NONESSENTIAL INDIVIDUAL
MEANS OF TRANSPORT?
MAY BE KAMALA AND CREW WILL
BRING BACK OBAMA'S GREEN JOBS.
WHY NOT?
TO ACHIEVE THE GREEN TRANSPORT
UTOPIA, "IT WILL BE NECESSARY TO
ELECTRIFY EVERYTHING ELSE,
INCLUDING TRANSPORT."
IF YOU LOVE YOUR SUV, YOUR
SUDAN, HECK, YOUR HATCHBACK, TOO
BAD.
ONLY ELECTRIC.
AND IF YOU ARE DEEMED WORTHY OF
OWNING A CAR AT ALL, WELL,
REMEMBER, IN KAMALA'S GAS-FREE
WORLD, THE GOVERNMENT GAS BAGS
HAVE ALL THE POWER.
AND EVEN BIG GULP BANNING, BIKE
LANE MANDATING MIKE BLOOMBERG IS
BULKING AT HARRIS' GREEN FOLLY.
>> I'M TIRED OF LISTENING TO
THINGS THAT ARE PIE-IN-THE-SKY,
THAT WE WILL NEVER PASS, NEVER
AFFORD.
I THINK IT IS JUST DISINGENUOUS
TO PROMOTE THOSE THINGS.
YOU'VE GOT TO DO SOMETHING THAT
IS PRACTICAL.
>> Laura: NOW, THAT MEANS
BANNING ALL COAL, BANNING ALL
CARS, BANNING ALL NUCLEAR POWER,
TAXING MILES DRIVEN, TAXING
KILOWATTS USED, TAXING WATER US
USE.
IT WOULD BE ALL ON THE TABLE TO
FORCE AMERICANS TO BEND TO THE
FADDISH TRENDS OF THE SOCIALIST
LEFT.
NOW MORE POWER FOR THEM, LESS
POWER, FREEDOM, AND PROSPERITY
FOR YOU.
IT'S ALWAYS HOW IT WORKS IN A
FULLY CENTRALIZED ECONOMY.
AND THIS IS WHAT IS LIGHTING THE
DEMOCRATIC PARTY ON FIRE TODAY?
REALLY?
INSTEAD OF KIBITZING WITH THE
NRDC, KAMALA SHOULD HAVE
CONSULTED FIRST WITH, I DON'T
KNOW, KERMIT.
♪ ♪
♪♪ IT'S NOT THAT EASY BEING
GREEN ♪♪
>> Laura: IT'S NOT BECAUSE AS
THE KAISER FAMILY FOUNDATION
FOUND RECENTLY, SUPPORT FOR
MEDICARE FOR ALL DROPPED LIKE A
ROCK WHEN YOU KNOW HOW MUCH IT
IS GOING TO COST.
SAME DEAL WITH THE GREEN AGENDA,
WOULD PEOPLE FIGURE HOW MUCH IT
COSTS.
GUESS THIS, 50% OF SURVEY
RESPONDENTS INITIALLY SAID THEY
FAVORED MEDICARE FOR ALL, THE
WHOLE PLAN.
BUT WHEN THEY'RE FACED WITH THE
PROSPECTS OF PAYING HIGHER TAXES
TO FUND THEIR SYSTEM, AND, BY
THE WAY, THE ELIMINATION OF
PRIVATE HEALTH INSURANCE
COMPANIES, SUPPORT FALLS TO ONLY
37%.
AND WHEN PULLED THE NEW PLAN
COULD THREATEN THE CURRENT
MEDICARE PROGRAM, ONLY 32%
REMAINED IN FAVOR.
MY FRIENDS, THIS IS WHY IS    IT
MY FRIENDS, THIS IS WHY IS    II
MY FRIENDS, THIS IS WHY IS    IS
MY FRIENDS, THIS IS WHY IS    IO
CRITICAL FOR THE TRUMP
ADMINISTRATION, THE ENTIRE
CABINET, AND THE REPUBLICAN
PARTY TO HAVE A FULL-COURT PRESS
OF THE FACTS THERE TO EDUCATE
VULNERABLE VOTERS ON THE GREEN
ECONOMY ISSUES, ON MEDICARE FOR
ALL, ALL OF IT.
HISTORY SHOWS US THAT SOCIALIST
IDEAS ARE ALWAYS EASY TO SELL TO
UNINFORMED, INDOCTRINATED, AND
SOMETIMES DESPERATE VOTERS.
BUT IT'S IMPOSSIBLE TO FULLY
FUND.
IT NEVER WORKS.
IT'S A FALSE PROMISE OF FREE
STUFF FOREVER.
BUT AS ALWAYS, YOU EVENTUALLY
RUN OUT OF OTHER PEOPLE'S MONEY.
KAMALA HARRIS, I DON'T KNOW,
WOULD DO BETTER PURSUING MAYBE A
CAREER AS A DJ.
>> A SONG THAT HAS TO BE PLAYED
LOUD BECAUSE YOU HAVE TO HEAR
THE BASS, "THE SUN IS SHINING"
BY BOB MARLEY AND THE WAILERS.
>> Laura: OR MAY BE A BACKUP
SINGER.
>> ONE NATION UNDER A GROOVE,
GETTING DOWN JUST FOR THE LOVE
OF IT.
CAN I GET IT?
>> Laura: OR, I DON'T KNOW, A
VOICE-OVER ARTIST.
>> [LAUGHS]
YOU ALL RIGHT?
[LAUGHS]
>> Laura: [LAUGHS]
IF YOU BUY WHAT SHE IS SELLING,
SHE MAY HAVE THE LAST LAUGH, BUT